feat: added Authentication doc (#353)
microfleet/core: packages/core/docs/recipes/authentication.md

# Authentication

## Before start

> First of all, you must go through [Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This recipe assumes that you are already familiar with the [quick start guide](quick-start.md) and the [configuration](configuration.md) recipe.
```

## Configuring Authentication

#### Configure strategy

```sh
└── src                              # application source code
    └── auth                         # authentication strategies directory
        ├── index.js                 # exports strategies
        └── strategies

>             └── demoStrategy.js      # demo strategy

Reviewer: let's stick to the camel-case naming

Reviewer: also the filename in the recipe is just `demo` (just noticed)

```

```js
// demoStrategy.js
const { HttpStatusError } = require('common-errors');

function verifyToken(token) {
  const validToken = !!token; // check token structure, check token on exist

  if (!validToken) {
    throw new HttpStatusError(403, 'Invalid Token');
  }
}

function demoStrategy(request) {
  const { action } = request;
  const { auth } = action;

>   const { strategy = 'required' } = auth;

Reviewer: Please update the recipe according to the changes you introduced into https://github.com/microfleet/create-microfleet-app/pull/7

  if (authType !== 'Bearer') {
    throw new HttpStatusError(403, 'Invalid auth type')
  }

  const [body, userId] = token.split(':', 2)

  if (body !== 'demo' || !userId) {
    throw new HttpStatusError(403, 'Malformed Token')
  }

  return userId
}

function demo(request) {
  const { action } = request
  const { auth } = action
  const { strategy = REQUIRED_STRATEGY } = auth
  const { authorization } = request.headers

  if (strategy === REQUIRED_STRATEGY && !authorization) {
    throw new HttpStatusError(401, 'Credentials Required')
  }

  const [authType, token] = authorization.split(/\s+/, 2) // Authorization: Bearer [token]

  if (!auth || !token) {
    throw new HttpStatusError(403, 'Invalid Token')
  }

  const userId = verifyToken(authType, token)
  const user = users[userId]

  if (!user) {
    throw new HttpStatusError(401, 'You don\'t have permission to access')
  }

  return { user }
}

module.exports = demo
```

#### Save strategy

```sh
└── src                              # application source code
    └── auth                         # authentication strategies directory
        ├── index.js                 # exports strategies
        └── strategies

>             └── demo.js      # demo strategy

Reviewer: Little more spaces :)
